Adrian AI Materials (#5)
Ada-Developers-Academy/independent-ai-topics: working-with-openai/intro-to-open-ai.md

# Introduction to the OpenAI API

## Goals

> We explored how we can use tools built on OpenAI's offerings like ChatGPT and Copilot to generate ideas and to write and review code, but what if we wanted to leverage ChatGPT itself in our projects? In this lesson, we'll learn about the OpenAI API - the API behind ChatGPT itself - and how to set it up in a way that brings ChatGPT's many powerful tools right to our doorstep.

Reviewer: Copilot is the last Tile in the AI topics, so we should remove the reference to avoid confusion.

```suggestion
We explored how we can use tools built on OpenAI's offerings like ChatGPT to generate ideas and to debug and review code, but what if we wanted to leverage ChatGPT itself in our projects? In this lesson, we'll learn about the OpenAI API - the API behind ChatGPT itself - and how to set it up in a way that brings ChatGPT's many powerful tools right to our doorstep.
```

Our goals for this lesson are to:
- Understand what the OpenAI API is and how we can use it
- Understand how the OpenAI API is different than ChatGPT

## Vocabulary

| Vocab | Definition | How to Use in a Sentence |
| ----- | ---------- | ------------------------ |
| OpenAI | OpenAI is an organization that specializes in Artificial Intelligence research and deployment | |
| OpenAI API | An API created by OpenAI to allow users to access and deploy AI models within their own applications. | |

> | OpenAI Model | An AI program that has been trained on OpenAI data sets to achieve a specific purpose. | |

Reviewer: We can remove the empty column here:

```suggestion
| Vocab | Definition |
| ----- | ---------- | 
| OpenAI | OpenAI is an organization that specializes in Artificial Intelligence research and deployment |
| OpenAI API | An API created by OpenAI to allow users to access and deploy AI models within their own applications. |
| OpenAI Model | An AI program that has been trained on OpenAI data sets to achieve a specific purpose. |
```
